Activity feed notification update for legal hold and IB (#7013)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/information-barriers-in-teams.md

>[!NOTE]
>- Information barrier (IB) groups cannot be created across tenants.

> >- Using bots, Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) apps, API to send activity feed notification and some APIs to add users is not supported in version 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>- Using bots, Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) apps, APIs to send activity feed notifications, and some APIs to add users is not supported in version 1.
```
